Update description about checklists in PR template (#1964)
pyodide/pyodide: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Checklists

<!-- Note on checklists:
     If you think some of these steps are not necessary for your PR,

>      just remove those checkboxs, or mark it as checked. Otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     just remove those checkboxes, or mark them as checked. Otherwise,
```

>      if some checkboxs are left unmarked, we might assume that your PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     if some checkboxes are left unmarked, we might assume that your PR
```
